hi my name's saboteur and today I'm
going to be reviewing the League of
Legends champion rise the rogue mage
Rises passive is arcane mastery when
rice cast a spell all of the spells have
their cool damages by one second his Q
is overload this is when he throws in
charge of pure energy as an enemy units
dealing magic damage his W is ruined
prison this is where he snared an enemy
unit preventing movement and dealing
magic damage his e is called spell
flanks when activated rise unleashes a
bounce of all of magical power which
bounces to all enemy units near himself
up to a total of five times or six hits
each bounce killed magic damage and
reduces the magic resistance of the unit
five seconds if the or bounces factorize
it will not decrease his managers in
space Rises ultimate physical desperate
power
rise becomes super charge against spell
vamp moving speed all his spells in
fifty percent more Amy down one very
powerful ability is a stunning very
impressive this can be used very
effective for initiating vines and count
again
start off with items first by sapphire
crystal or if you want extra movement
speed white boots and health potions
when upgrading your boots I would
recommend sorcerer's shoes for the magic
penetration although if you're going
against another ap caster such as
yourself you may want to try using
knight errant strand
the rice masters you want to invest
mainly in utility G of X points to spare
definitely invest in the feds as your
help we will damage it should look
similar or just like this
the safe summoner spells for rise ghosts
and flash for a very good idea
what allows you to get quickly away from
enemies for me too quickly and still
killing blow ago still has traveled boss
crossed around
if you choose to play you rise very
aggressively and they watch their for
ignites flash instead again flash can be
used closing gaps are moving away but
ignites can be used finishing of enemies
that are very hard to kill overall rice
should be played in mid lane general and
should be decent last hitting minions to
quickly farm gold and XP thanks for
watching this video and please be sure
to rate and subscribe
you